Adding Testing.md doc and 'How to run LTP tests' sections (#338)
lsds/sgx-lkl: docs/Testing.md

SGX-LKL Testing
===============

How to run LTP tests
--------------------

To be able to run one or all LTP tests, we must first build sgx-lkl. Below are the step by step instructions to run all LTP tests or one LTP test locally.

> ## Build and install SGX-LKL

Reviewer: Why can't we refer to the build instructions of the main README?

Author: @letmaik  I checked the README.md for installaltion section and it looks very long and complicated. In my instructions it is much simpler and cleaner since using scripts. Should I submit a PR to change REDAME.md for sgx-lkl instructions? I will remove installation instructions here and refer to ../README.md

Author: Removed my build and install instructions. Referred to README.md 
We can submit a separate PR for simplifying build/install part of README.md using scripts. Out of scope of this PR.

Author: @letmaik any comment about simplifying README.md install instructions using scripts?

Reviewer: Let's leave this as it will be easier once we got CMake.

### Clone the repo and use oe_port branch

```
git clone git@github.com:lsds/sgx-lkl.git
cd sgx-lkl
git checkout oe_port
```

###  Checkout the submodules

`.azure-pipelines/scripts/checkout_submodules.sh`

###  Install prerequisites

`.azure-pipelines/scripts/install_prerequisites.sh`

###  Install Open Enclave SDK

```
.azure-pipelines/scripts/install_openenclave.sh
source /opt/openenclave/share/openenclave/openenclaverc
```

### Build SGX-LKL

`DEBUG=true make`

### Install SGX-LKL

```
source /opt/openenclave/share/openenclave/openenclaverc
sudo -E make install
export PATH=$PATH:/opt/sgx-lkl/bin
```

### Run sgx-lkl-setup

```
/opt/sgx-lkl/bin/sgx-lkl-setup

# sgx-lkl-setup should also work due to $PATH command above  
```

## Running all LTP tests

LTP tests are partitioned into several batches for parallel run in [CI pipeline](https://dev.azure.com/sgx-lkl/sgx-lkl/_build)
LTP test batch folders are in [`tests/ltp`](../tests/ltp)
You need to go into the batch folder that you want to run tests, for example [`tests/ltp/ltp-batch1`](../tests/ltp/ltp-batch1)

```

> DEBUG=true make clean

Reviewer: clean doesn't need `DEBUG=true`

Author: Fixed

DEBUG=true make
make run

# This will run all 200+ LTP tests in ltp-batch1 for run-hw and run-sw modes. 
# It takes around 8 seconds to run each test. It will take around 30 minutes to finish tests for each mode.

# You can also run tests just for one mode:
make run-hw
make run-sw
```

## Running one LTP test

```
# This will build and create an image but will not run any test. This image is required to run any LTP test

> rm sgxlkl-miniroot-fs.img

Reviewer: Why `rm`?

Author: This is to force creating new image file. Otherwise if sgxlkl-miniroot-fs.img exists it will not recreate it. May be we want to recreate image with latest code/patches. Alternatively we can call 'make clean' which will also delete image file. Changed to use make clean

make sgxlkl-miniroot-fs.img

# /opt/sgx-lkl/bin/ prefix is optional for commands sgx-lkl-run-oe and sgx-lkl-gdb below if added to $PATH

# Running single test without gdb:

> SGXLKL_VERBOSE=1 SGXLKL_KERNEL_VERBOSE=0 

Reviewer: What's the benefit of not using the `make` command below? For gdb there should be `make run-hw-single-gdb`, then no "manual" commands are needed anymore.

Reviewer 2: Agreed.

Author: OK will use make command only. They can check Makefile if interested in the actual long command running. Also will submit a PR for adding run-hw-single-gdb and run-sw-single-gdb

	/opt/sgx-lkl/bin/sgx-lkl-run-oe --hw-debug 
	sgxlkl-miniroot-fs.img /ltp/testcases/kernel/syscalls/chmod/chmod06

> # You can also use this command to run one test:

Reviewer 2: i think it makes sense to add make targets for `make-run-hw-single-gdb` and `make-run-sw-single-gdb`

Author: I will submit a PR for that.

Author: Submitted PR https://github.com/lsds/sgx-lkl/pull/349

make run-hw-single test=/ltp/testcases/kernel/syscalls/chmod/chmod06
make run-sw-single test=/ltp/testcases/kernel/syscalls/chmod/chmod06

# Running single test with gdb:
SGXLKL_VERBOSE=1 SGXLKL_KERNEL_VERBOSE=1 /opt/sgx-lkl/bin/sgx-lkl-gdb --args 
	/opt/sgx-lkl/bin/sgx-lkl-run-oe --hw-debug 
	sgxlkl-miniroot-fs.img /ltp/testcases/kernel/syscalls/sysfs/sysfs06

# Running single test with gdb with more trace details:
SGXLKL_VERBOSE=1 SGXLKL_KERNEL_VERBOSE=0 SGXLKL_TRACE_LKL_SYSCALL=1 SGXLKL_TRACE_MMAP=1
	/opt/sgx-lkl/bin/sgx-lkl-gdb --args
	/opt/sgx-lkl/bin/sgx-lkl-run-oe --hw-debug
	sgxlkl-miniroot-fs.img /ltp/testcases/kernel/syscalls/eventfd/eventfd01
```

## Mounting SGX-LKL image to look at testcases source code

```
# Create a directory under tests/ltp/ltp-batch1
mkdir mountdir

# Mount image to this folder 
sudo mount -t ext4 -o loop sgxlkl-miniroot-fs.img  mountdir

# You will need admin permission to see the content of mounted image
# Below command will change your current folder to /root
# Change your directory back to sgx-lkl root folder after running this command
sudo su - 

# Now you can see image folders

> cd mountdir

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cd tests/ltp/ltp-batch1/mountdir
```
Since you mention above "Change your directory back to sgx-lkl root folder"

Author: Fixed

SGX-LKL Testing
===============

How to run LTP tests
--------------------

> To be able to run one or all LTP tests, we must first build and install sgx-lkl following these [instructions](../README.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To be able to run one or all LTP tests, SGX-LKL must have been built and installed according to the instructions in [README.md](../README.md).
```

Author: Done

## Running all LTP tests

> LTP tests are partitioned into several batches for parallel run in [CI pipeline](https://dev.azure.com/sgx-lkl/sgx-lkl/_build)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
LTP tests are partitioned into several batches for parallel execution in the [CI pipeline](https://dev.azure.com/sgx-lkl/sgx-lkl/_build)
```

Author: Done

> LTP test batch folders are in [`tests/ltp`](../tests/ltp)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
LTP test batch folders are in [`tests/ltp`](../tests/ltp).
```

Author: Done.

> You need to go into the batch folder that you want to run tests, for example [`tests/ltp/ltp-batch1`](../tests/ltp/ltp-batch1)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on which batch you like to run, switch to the corresponding folder, for example [`tests/ltp/ltp-batch1`](../tests/ltp/ltp-batch1).
```

Author: Done

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then run:
```

Author: Done

```
make clean
DEBUG=true make
make run

# This will run all 200+ LTP tests in ltp-batch1 for run-hw and run-sw modes. 
# It takes around 8 seconds to run each test. It will take around 30 minutes to finish tests for each mode.

# You can also run tests just for one mode:
make run-hw
make run-sw
```

## Running one LTP test

```
# This will build and create an image but will not run any test. This image is required to run any LTP test
make clean
make sgxlkl-miniroot-fs.img

# /opt/sgx-lkl/bin/ prefix is optional for commands sgx-lkl-run-oe and sgx-lkl-gdb below if added to $PATH

# Running single test without gdb:
make run-hw-single test=/ltp/testcases/kernel/syscalls/chmod/chmod06
make run-sw-single test=/ltp/testcases/kernel/syscalls/chmod/chmod06

# Running single test with gdb:
make run-hw-single-gdb test=/ltp/testcases/kernel/syscalls/chmod/chmod06
make run-sw-single-gdb test=/ltp/testcases/kernel/syscalls/chmod/chmod06

> # Running single test with gdb with more trace details:

Reviewer: I think you can use the make target for this as well by adding env vars like `SGXLKL_TRACE_LKL_SYSCALL=1 make run-sw-single-gdb`.

Author: Done.

SGXLKL_VERBOSE=1 SGXLKL_KERNEL_VERBOSE=1 SGXLKL_TRACE_LKL_SYSCALL=1 SGXLKL_TRACE_MMAP=1
	/opt/sgx-lkl/bin/sgx-lkl-gdb --args
	/opt/sgx-lkl/bin/sgx-lkl-run-oe --hw-debug
	sgxlkl-miniroot-fs.img /ltp/testcases/kernel/syscalls/eventfd/eventfd01
```

> ## Mounting SGX-LKL image to look at testcases source code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Mounting SGX-LKL image to look at test case source code
```

Author: Done
